---
author: admin2438
type: post
date: -001-11-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /?p=504
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
Cheltenham Town’s Ladies team will take centre stage at the Robins Trust run club Open Day on Sunday, July 16.
  
The 2016/17 Gloucestershire FA Women’s County FA Trophy winners will be holding an interactive training session – and you are all invited to bring your boots and get involved.
  
The Open Day will kick-off at midday, when Gary Johnson and his first team squad report for work on a busy day of pre-season training, but attention will soon shift from the men to the ladies.
  
From 12.30pm manager Graham Fletcher and the Ladies team will be running a training session for aspiring footballers of all ages and genders.
  
Fletcher said that the idea of getting his squad involved was that of the Trust’s Fan Elected Director Murry Toms.
  
“Murry has been key in getting us there on the day and we are delighted to be involved,” he said.
  
“We have a session planned with the girls that will include something that we call the Cheltenham Game followed by a number of interactive games for people to get involved with, so bring your boots.”
  
The interactive session is perfectly planned as it kicks off Girls Football Week, a Football Association run scheme aimed at improving female participation in football at all levels.
  
Fletcher is even hopeful that some new talent will show themselves at the Open Day and add to a burgeoning number of players who put on the red and white shirt and represent Cheltenham Town.
  
“This is perfectly timed for us as it comes at the start of Girls Football Week and at a time when Cheltenham Town Ladies are going from strength to strength,” Fletcher added.
  
“In the past few months we have merged with Cheltenham Spa Youth and we now have a pathway of players from under-8 level through to the first team.
  
“At our first training session earlier this week we had 48 girls involved and that shows the strength in depth we have as a club.
  
“We have also been lucky enough to have Baroness Sue Campbell, head of women’s football at the FA come along and see the great work we are doing.
  
“And with the women’s team playing two games at Whaddon Road this coming season, it’s a really exciting time to be involved with Cheltenham Town Ladies.”
  
The Ladies team have also been included in a special event to launch the club’s new change strip, with the full details revealed – like the new kit – at the Open Day.
  
Trust FED Murry Toms is thrilled to see the Ladies team play a full part in the Open Day.
  
“While there is no official link between the two clubs the Trust board and I felt that it was vital to have a good, strong bond,” he said.
  
“I have a young daughter and when she grows up I want her to be able to have a chance to wear the red and white stripes and call herself a Cheltenham Town player.
  
“I am sure that is the case for hundreds of parents across the town and Gloucestershire. Hopefully the Open Day will showcase the great work down by Graham and his fantastic team of footballers.
  
“Like Gary Johnson and his team, the Ladies represent our town and the Trust are thrilled they can be involved at the Open Day.”
  
The Open Day will also feature the launch of the new 2017/18 change kit and the Fans v Legends match that was one of the rewards for the Crowdfunder Scoreboard campaign.
  
For more information about the Robins Trust Cheltenham Town Open Day visit www.robinstrust.org and www.ctfc.com
  
The Robins Trust Cheltenham Town Open Day.
  
WHERE: Seasons, Quat Goose Lane, Swindon Village, GL51 9RX.
  
WHEN: Sunday, July 16 2017 from midday. Doors open 11.30am.
  
COST: FREE
  
RUNNING ORDER:
  
12pm: First team get to work for their daily training session
  
12.30pm: The Cup-winning Cheltenham Town Ladies host an open training session
  
1pm: Watch the Robins v the Robins as the squad go head-to-head in 7v7 action.
  
1.30pm: Launch of the 2017/18 change kit
  
2.15pm: Meet Gary Johnson and the players
  
2.30pm: Robins fans v Legends