---
title: 'NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF THE SOCIETY, ELECTIONS TO THE SOCIETY BOARD  AND ELECTION OF THE SOCIETY’S FAN ELECTED DIRECTOR'
author: Robins Trust
type: post
date: 2018-08-23T17:29:41+00:00
url: /2018-agm/
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
<span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>DATE: Thursday, October 18, 2018 at the Johnny-Rocks Stadium.</strong><br /> </span>**TIME: 7.30pm start.**

<span style="font-weight: 400;">The Robins Trust Board is pleased to confirm that our Annual General Meeting, elections to the Trust Board and the formal election of our Fan Elected Director (FED) will take place on October 18.</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">Nominations are now open for election to the Trust board with details of how to submit your nomination </span>**[here][1]**<span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">As well as the election of board members, the Trust will also be holding the formal election for the post of Fan Elected Director.</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">In the past, out of necessity at the time, this election has been held in April and not at our AGM. </span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">However, following the resignation of Murry Toms and interim appointment of Dave Beesley to the post in May, it was agreed to align the election with the AGM.</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">Nominations are open for the role of FED.  Click </span>[<span style="font-weight: 400;">here</span>][2] <span style="font-weight: 400;">to see if you are eligible to stand or to submit your nomination.</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">As well as the two elections, and the formal receipt of the Trust’s accounts for the year ended May 31, there will be an open forum at the close of Trust business.</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">Cheltenham Town Chairman Andy Wilcox will be attending his first forum since taking on the role in the summer. </span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">As well as Andy, the Trust hope to be able to welcome the club’s new manager to the forum to meet the fans for the first time.</span>

**Robins Trust Annual General Meeting 2018**

**AGENDA**

  1. **<span style="font-weight: 400;">To receive and approve the Society’s accounts for the financial year ended May 31, 2018</span>**
  2. **<span style="font-weight: 400;">Chairman and Board report of Trust activity for the past year.</span>**
  3. **<span style="font-weight: 400;">Elections to the Society Board.</span>** 
      * <span style="font-weight: 400;">Refer to </span>[**Elections to the Robins Trust Board 2018: Process and Timetable**][1] <span style="font-weight: 400;">for full details of the election, key dates and nomination form.</span>
  4. **<span style="font-weight: 400;">Election of the Fan Elected Director.</span>** 
      * <span style="font-weight: 400;">Refer to </span>**[The Robins Trust Fan Elected Director Rules][3]** <span style="font-weight: 400;">for details about eligibility and how to submit an application.</span>
  5. **<span style="font-weight: 400;">Open Forum with Cheltenham Town chairman Andy Wilcox, members of the Football Club board and football management staff.</span>**

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 [1]: /elections-to-the-robins-trust-board-2018-process-and-timetable
 [2]: https://robinstrust.org/elections-for-the-role-of-fan-elected-director/
 [3]: https://robinstrust.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/RobinsTrust_ElectedDirector_221014.pdf